r1-log.md, before:

# #100DaysOfCode Log - Round 1 - [Your Name Here]

The log of my #100DaysOfCode challenge. Started on [August 5, Wednesday, 2020].

## Log

### R1D1 
Started a full-stack Javascript web application using MEVN stack but modified so it would now be MMMEVN lol. This project is one of the requirements for my Master's Degree in IT. https://github.com/dbybanez/database-comparison

### R1D2
Finally done setting up MMSQL (SQL Server) for my project. The overall experience was quite challenging for me since I never use SQL Server in my projects. Although I've tried using it for our Data Warehouse class, we never actually tried using it in any web applications. https://github.com/dbybanez/database-comparison

### R1D3
Done setting up the back-end of my full-stack Javascript web application Express (Node) for the local server, MongoDB for the test database, Postman for testing the API. https://github.com/dbybanez/dbs-webapp

### R1D4
Front-end done! Vue is awesome. But I had few minor bumps when setting it up. I had to update Node so I could run Vue. https://github.com/dbybanez/dbs-webapp

### R1D5
Integrated MySQL to the current setup (MySQL + MEVN stack). One more database integration to go and I should be done with the MMMEVN stack. https://github.com/dbybanez/dbs-webapp

### R1D6
I'm setting up another development machine because I'm experiencing problems with my local SQL Server. I'll be using a different machine for MSSQL integration. Ugh. https://github.com/dbybanez/dbs-webapp

### R1D7
Fixed an error when running vue in my local machine. Opened millions of Google Chrome tabs just to find out I just need to remove one line of code. https://github.com/dbybanez/dbs-webapp

### R1D8
Integrated MSSQL in my MEVN stack. Now I got a full MMMEVN stack (MSSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, Express, Vue, and Node). Ez Pz Lemon Squeezy. A big shoutout to my mentor, Stack Overflow, and to the best university in the world, YouTube University. https://github.com/dbybanez/dbs-webapp

### R1D9
Setting up the UI of my project. Before diving into it, I'm gonna do some wireframes in the next couple of days. https://github.com/dbybanez/dbs-webapp

wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww

Commit message:

Day 10 progress: integrating SCSS files for easier styling

r1-log.md, after:

# #100DaysOfCode Log - Round 1 - [Your Name Here]

The log of my #100DaysOfCode challenge. Started on [August 5, Wednesday, 2020].

## Log

### R1D1 
Started a full-stack Javascript web application using MEVN stack but modified so it would now be MMMEVN lol. This project is one of the requirements for my Master's Degree in IT. https://github.com/dbybanez/database-comparison

### R1D2
Finally done setting up MMSQL (SQL Server) for my project. The overall experience was quite challenging for me since I never use SQL Server in my projects. Although I've tried using it for our Data Warehouse class, we never actually tried using it in any web applications. https://github.com/dbybanez/database-comparison

### R1D3
Done setting up the back-end of my full-stack Javascript web application Express (Node) for the local server, MongoDB for the test database, Postman for testing the API. https://github.com/dbybanez/dbs-webapp

### R1D4
Front-end done! Vue is awesome. But I had few minor bumps when setting it up. I had to update Node so I could run Vue. https://github.com/dbybanez/dbs-webapp

### R1D5
Integrated MySQL to the current setup (MySQL + MEVN stack). One more database integration to go and I should be done with the MMMEVN stack. https://github.com/dbybanez/dbs-webapp

### R1D6
I'm setting up another development machine because I'm experiencing problems with my local SQL Server. I'll be using a different machine for MSSQL integration. Ugh. https://github.com/dbybanez/dbs-webapp

### R1D7
Fixed an error when running vue in my local machine. Opened millions of Google Chrome tabs just to find out I just need to remove one line of code. https://github.com/dbybanez/dbs-webapp

### R1D8
Integrated MSSQL in my MEVN stack. Now I got a full MMMEVN stack (MSSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, Express, Vue, and Node). Ez Pz Lemon Squeezy. A big shoutout to my mentor, Stack Overflow, and to the best university in the world, YouTube University. https://github.com/dbybanez/dbs-webapp

### R1D9
Setting up the UI of my project. Before diving into it, I'm gonna do some wireframes in the next couple of days. https://github.com/dbybanez/dbs-webapp

### R1D10
Trying to figure out how to integrate SCSS files to my vue app. Just like how Gulp works. Vue is difficult. Lol. https://github.com/dbybanez/dbs-webapp
